1.0.0

Introduced a new archetype

	Warden: A Melee/Support archetype that uses melee damage and support secondary to dish out buffs, debuffs, and heals in close quarters.
		Description: "The Warden tends to assist his allies in the fray, where his close quarters combat abilities are able to shine in tandem with his considerable support capabilities. He will unleash substantial melee damage while supporting allies and weakening foes in the immediate area. The Warden's alertness and ability to evade attacks depends on how many allies he has fighting alongside him, gaining a bonus to melee and ranged defense when alone, which is sacrificed for greater protection against AoEs in larger teams."
		*Class attribute mods and tables currently reflect those of the corruptor.
		
		Powersets:
			Primary:			Secondary
			Battle Axe			Cold Domination
			Broad Sword			Dark Miasma
			Claws				Force Field 
			Dual Blades			Kinetics 
			Dark Melee			Nature Affinity
			Electrical Melee	Pain Domination 
			Fiery Melee			Poison
			Katana				Radiation Emission
			Kinetic Melee		Sonic Resonance
			Martial Arts		Storm Summoning
			Radiaton Melee		Thermal Radiation
			Savage Melee		Time Manipulation 
			Spines				Traps 
			Staff Fighting		Trick Arrow
			Street Justice
			War Mace

		Inherent: Rally: A stacking PBAoE self and ally buff that procs every time you strike with an attack in your primary set
			Description: "The Warden's prowess in close quarters combat, and ability to support their allies and weaken their foes is a potent combination, but tremendously taxing and dangerous. The Warden has to be acutely aware of their surroundings and rise to the occasion. The Warden is able to rally and motivate their teammates, helping them shrug off wounds and avoid fatigue. For every attack the Warden dishes out, they and their teammates all receive a stacking endurance discount, and increase to attack rate. The Warden themself also receives protection against mezzes and AoE attacks for every attack they deal, allowing them to stay in the fray with less fear."
				Effects (max 10 stacks):
				2.5% endurance discount for all powers per stack (Self and Ally)
				1.2% recharge speed increase for all powers per stack (Self and Ally)
				at level 50: 0.69 mag protection against hold, sleep, and stun per stack (Self)
				1.45% AoE defense per stack (Self)

		Power Changes on Warden:
			Kinetics: Repel has been replaced with a new power called Kinetic Crawl, a PBAoE self buff, foe debuff that reduces enemy speed and recharge rate, and increases your own at the cost of endurance to keep active.
			All Melee sets: Confront/Taunt is replaced with a targeted AoE placate that provides no stealth but can placate up to 8 targets at once
			Repulsion Field, Sonic Repulsion, and Hurricane: Knockback magnitude has been reduced 	//Still don't know how to replace it strictly with knockdown
			